Add passwordless endpoints (#270)
auth0/react-native-auth0: README.md

  .catch(console.error);
```

#### Login with Passwordless

> Passwordless is a two-step authentication flow, and requires the **Passwordless OTP** grant to be enabled in your Auth0 application before-hand. Check [our guide](https://auth0.com/docs/dashboard/guides/applications/update-grant-types) to learn how to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwordless is a two-step authentication flow, and requires the **Passwordless OTP** grant to be enabled in your Auth0 application beforehand. Check [our guide](https://auth0.com/docs/dashboard/guides/applications/update-grant-types) to learn how to enable it.
```

> To start the flow, you request a link or code to be sent to the user's email or phone number:

Reviewer: You might want to reword this to avoid implying that you can use a link with SMS.
